[New Topic] Docs Community (#1009)
Codecademy/docs: content/docs-community/concepts/entries/terms/term-entries/term-entries.md

---
Title: 'Term Entries'
Description: 'Refers to a piece of technical content that falls under a given concept, using examples.'
Subjects:
  - 'Code Foundations'
Tags:
  - 'Documentation'
  - 'Git'
  - 'GitHub'
CatalogContent:
  - 'introduction-to-open-source'
  - 'paths/code-foundations'
---

> **Term entries** refer to a piece of technical content that falls under a given concept, using examples. A common example of a term entry is one that describes a [function](https://www.codecademy.com/resources/docs/general/function) or [method](https://www.codecademy.com/resources/docs/general/method) for a given [data type](https://www.codecademy.com/resources/docs/general/data-types) or structure under a specific programming language. A list of existing terms for a given concept is usually located towards the bottom of a concept entry.

Reviewer: Is it common enough for data types to have functions and methods for them to be called out here?

Author: I also mentioned "data structure" to capture as much of what is typically covered as a term entry. I could rephrase to something like the following:

```suggestion
**Term entries** refer to a piece of technical content that falls under a given concept, using examples. A list of existing terms for a given concept is usually located towards the bottom of a concept entry.

Under a specific programming language, terms commonly describe [functions](https://www.codecademy.com/resources/docs/general/function) or [methods](https://www.codecademy.com/resources/docs/general/method) for a given [data type](https://www.codecademy.com/resources/docs/general/data-types) or structure, library, module, etc.
```

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
**Term entries** refer to a piece of technical content that falls under a given concept. These typically include at least one example, and may also include codebyte examples. A list of existing terms for a given concept is usually located towards the bottom of a concept entry.
```

I think this is sufficient without the mention of a specific language's term entry
